hey you guys just meet here and coming
in today and I'm just giving you guys a
very quick and easy dealer and this is
for Bath and Body Works it's just it
just was released and it's for limited
time only today from four o'clock to
eight o'clock you can get all of the
body creams that usually like twelve and
fourteen dollars for five dollars and
again this is a limited time deal or
from the hours of four to eight today
which is September to 14 and um yeah all
the body creams are five dollars so
you're saving at least minimum seven
dollars per body cream and all you have
to do is key in once checking out love
fall it's spelled L UV f ALL and if you
put that in it will automatically take
off on the amount of what the difference
is I'm identify Daleks that is on sale
for the limits of the time today so yeah
so go check that out you guys um I just
I just actually added some stuff to my
store um because to do to dot webs com
that will be the link below as well and
if you look on the last page of my store
you'll see the new things that i added
real hot and you'll be seeing some of
the things in my latest videos and stuff
like that because I with my own jewelry
of course so go check that out um yeah
so that's it and also some additional
money saving coupons and promo codes
will be also under me for this make sure
you thumbs up for me sharing on this
actually was just released this deal
alert for bath and body works literally
was just released probably about 15
minutes ago not even that so you guys
are getting in on and the purpose of me
giving you these deal alerts is because
I work at home and work on the computer
I get a chance to see all these deals
most times before other people do and
that way you know as you're going
throughout your day I'm basically giving
you guys heads up and with some new
things also um 10 dolla mall I'm
it's called ten dollar more calm or
whatever the link will be below and they
just added some new boots on for ten
dollars yes on and also whole calm which
is a nordstrom store I'm hope look calm
the link down below will be below as
well and they just added some new
handbags and also their summer shoes on
clearance like 9 bucks so stop up you
guys because that stuff they want jack
the prices up you know once you get
closer to that season again we're
growing so I'll feet don't grow so you
can just any other things that you see
that you like put them away for the next
season that's what I did and it wise up
saving me long time because when
everybody else when the season changes
everybody else is going out buying the
stuff that's jacked up the prices I
don't have to do that I have some like I
on clearance from the you know what it
was i all clearance or whatever so all
right you guys I'm out just relaxing
today um it's just pooley and I because
Nene has gone to the movies daddy is at
a friend's friend of his federal and his
friend father passed away so daddy is I
showing support in going with him and
yeah it's just booty and I and I'm
sitting here and just taking the other
side all right you guys and also anybody
that purchase anything until choose
different I store you guys will get a
free gift included in your order I have
some new wig reviews coming up some
cooking videos waist training videos
coming ya got a lot of things coming so
just stay tuned you guys all right
amount be blessed